RULES FOR HUNT THE CODE

1.	The event will start on 15th March, 2016 at 6pm and will end on 18th March, 2016 at 6pm.
2.	One question will be posted each day at 6pm. (So there will be 3 questions in total).
3.	In each question, there will be two files-
a)	First file will be an executable file which will contain the output of the program.
b)	Second file will be a text file containing details about the input/output for the program.
4.	Questions will be sent to your corresponding email ids. One can also download these files from Team.EXE website.
5.	Link to the questions- www.teamexe.in/huntcode.html
6.	For each question one has to:
a)	Write a code which will give the same output as that of executable file by analyzing it (executable file).
b)	Write a text file which will contain the logic behind the output of the file and logic about the implementation.
7.	You have to email both these files (containing your answer) at exehuntcode@gmail.com.
8.	Points will be awarded for each correct answer.
9.	A maximum of 10 points and a minimum of 0 points can be awarded on the basis of time of submission. 
10.	In case of tie, the efficiency of the program will be taken into consideration. 
11.	Hints can be asked for by sending email to exehuntcode@gmail.com. But 2 points will be deducted for each hint.
12.	To submit the answer, one has to mention the subject as "Answer question no. (Your roll no.)".
13.	To ask for hint, one has to mention the subject as "HINT question no. (your roll no.)".
14.	Each email sent (for both answer and hint) should contain the Name, Roll no & Contact number of that person along with the files containing answer. 
15.	Deadline for the submission of one question will be up till 24 hours after the question is posted.  
16.	Question will contain files for Linux and windows separately.
17.	Languages allowed are C, C++, Java and Python. Submissions in other languages will not be evaluated.
18.	Please do not copy the code from someone. If any two codes match then both the participants will be disqualified.

Note for Linux users-
1. You can execute the file by using command "./filename" (without quotes) .For example if filename is day1 then use command "./day1" (without quotes) to run that file.
2. In case the file does not execute, change the permission of file by using command "chmod  +x  filename" (without quotes) and then follow step 1. For example, if your filename is day1 then use command "chmod  +x  day1" (without quotes). 


